Water Tracker

Hydration Helper: Your Path to Healthier Living The Hydration Helper app is a
user-centric tool designed to promote healthy living by helping you track your
daily water consumption. Recognizing the crucial role of hydration in overall
health, this app simplifies the process of monitoring and enhancing your
drinking habits.

Contents

App Highlights Navigation Team Members Setup Instructions Technology Stack API
Integration App Highlights Tailored Hydration Tips: Get bespoke hydration advice
based on your lifestyle and physical activities. Easy Tracking: Log and monitor
your water intake effortlessly with our straightforward interface. Hydration
Trends: Track your hydration journey with comprehensive statistics and
meaningful insights. Goal-Oriented: Set and pursue personal hydration targets,
reinforcing your commitment to health. Learning Hub: Discover extensive
information about the significance of hydration, including its role in the body
and the benefits of a consistent hydration plan. Navigation Navigate with ease
using React Router. Our key paths include:

/ - Welcome Page Embrace a healthier lifestyle with Hydration Helper! Our
welcoming page offers an overview of the appâ€™s benefits and underscores the
importance of hydration. It provides tools for tracking and enhancing your daily
water intake with custom advice and progress analysis. Choose to register for
full access or log in if you're an existing user. Customize your experience and
maximize the app's potential for your wellness.

/signup - Registration Page To sign up, enter your email and set a secure
password. Note: Passwords must be at least 6 characters and contain a Latin
letter. Re-enter to confirm. Already a user? Head over to the login page.

/signin - Login Page Log in using your email and previously set password. New
here? Jump to the registration page.

/home - Main Page After logging in, the main page becomes your command center
for account management and water balance tracking. Set your daily water goal by
entering pertinent details like gender, weight, and activity level. The app
calculates your optimal intake, or use our formula for a manual calculation. Log
your water intake in the table, noting the amount and time. Remember: No
simultaneous or zero entries allowed. Edit or delete entries as needed. The
integrated calendar helps you visualize daily consumption percentages.

/reset-password - Password Reset Page Follow the email link here to set a new
password. Remember: Passwords must be 6 characters minimum. Successfully
resetting redirects you to the main page.

Team Members

Front End

https://github.com/Anzhela-Ostrovska1 https://github.com/OlenaUser1982
https://github.com/iberezhnyi https://github.com/OksanaKorsun
https://github.com/OlenaUser1982 https://github.com/TauruS111
https://github.com/Ninel35

Back End

https://github.com/yaromatv https://github.com/iberezhnyi
https://github.com/Ninel35 https://github.com/OlenaUser1982

Setup Instructions Get the app running locally:

Clone the repo: git clone
https://github.com/Anzhela-Ostrovska1/goit-group2-react-nodejs Install
dependencies: npm install Launch the app: npm run dev Visit
http://localhost:5173 in your browser (adjust if port 5173 is in use).
Technology Stack

React for UI Redux Toolkit for state management React Router for navigation
Axios for API interactions Vite for building API Our app uses a custom-built
backend. Backend link: https://github.com/yaromatv/watertracker-backend
